So the goal is clear.
We've got four exercises Let's start with exercise 1 and create two new pages.
I'll create one of them automatically.
And one of them manually.
Let's start with the automatic one in a new terminal window.
I will run a I want to generate and I will generate a new page I will generate the shop page so this
will give me a new folder in the pages folder and here it is the shop page.
Now unfortunately those pages those components 10 tend to be pretty crowded so clean them up and get
rid of all the things I don't need.
So now we have a normal angler to component level.
Also get rid of this comment in the template I will renamed it to shop with a capital ass and here on
this page you will see will add some content.
Before doing that though I will add a buyout page and again you can nest this page in the shop or register
it on the pages folder itself.
Now I will trade in the pages folder because theoretically you could argue that a buyout page is accessible
from different parts of Europe but choose whatever you like.
So here Whoops I will create a new directory named buyout and Endace directory.
I will create a new file named biodata TS and here I will export a normal component or model types of
class to begin with.
I'll name it biote page though because it will serve as a page and here at the component decorator.
As you learned before now dyads component decorator component needs to be imported though you'll need
to import component from at angular coord like this.
Well then you need to pass an object configuring this component.
So I will have a selector.
I'll give it a select of page shop excuse me fly out of course the bio page and I will point to an external
template which I will save in a biodata HMO file so I will create a file here by our door HVM out and
in this file we need two components at least the Ironhead header to mark the headers section and I am
content with that.
We're almost good to go but it would be a pretty boring page.
Let's add a nav bar so that I onic also has a place where it can place the back button otherwise you
won't have a back button.
And let's add a title.
So hearable such as say buyout and an iron content.
I will add the padding directive to get some padding on the edges so if this I actually created two
new pages and this already is exercise one solved let's move on to exercise 2 with two new pages created.
It's time to fold them with some life so we should add some buttons.
Let's start with the home page here.
I will add a button which leads to the shop page.
I already am on the home page.
It's just common with just taking up all the spacier and below to comment here.
I will add a button give a d iron button directive and load the shop page so I will say go to shop or
whatever you prefer.
Here I can simply add a click listener and add on.
Go to shop and with this place I will at the Ango to shop method to the body of this component on go
to shop to do body of this class here.
And we already get enough control injected here by default so I can use to snap controller to now push
a page and I will push the shop page like this.
Make sure to also add the import.
Now let's see if this works.
Ionic surf is already running.
So I've been saving this will recompile the application and will reload it in the browser.
Now watch what happens if I click on go to shop.
We get an error because we forget something important and I left this out intentionally.
You should make sure to add any new page to your app module overwise angler too is not aware of it and
is not able to load it.
So let's add it here let's at the shop page.
And let's also at the buyout page.
Make sure to alter at the imports.
Now you probably already know that.
We also need to add two entry components but let me show you what happens if we don't add them to entry
components.
This would be the set up we use in the normal English to AB.
This will be enough in a normal English to app.
Now if we don't add a two entry component and we click on go to shop we still get an error that no component
factory was found because it doesn't create such a component factory for us because it's not ready to
create those components because it doesn't see us use them.
We don't use the selector we don't use the angle to router.
So by adding them to entry components we're telling and all to please create such a component factory
for us.
And now we were able to actually click on this go to shop button and go there successfully.
So let this reload click and go to shop.
Here we are the shop page is pretty boring though.
So let's work on this too.
And let's add a button here with this button.
I want to be taken to the eye and click.
I want to be taken to the bar by out so buy out and I can again say click on go to buyout or let's simply
say on by now we will pass some data student wouldn't for now I will leave it like this on bias the
method I need to add to my component and we need an AF controller.
So that's injected let's store it in a property named nav controller and lets add nav controller here.
You also need to make sure to import it.
You need to import nav controller from ionic angler with this this will work correctly.
And now you can say this nav controller push and I want to push my buy out page.
So let's do this.
Also make sure to add the import to the buyout page here at the top.
With this in place I can save this and we should now be able to successfully go there.
So click on go to shop and click on buyout were on the buyer page the pages itself are pretty boring
but will soon change to us and pass some data around.
But I'd say for now we solved exercise 2.
Let's now move on to exercise free and actually pass some data.
We added our pages and we hooked them up.
Let's now pass around some data so we should create multiple products in our shop.
So instead of having a buyout button I will say milk here and I will replicate this to also offer bread
and apples.
And of course I want to pass that data.
So here in on by I want to pass my milk string.
We're of course you could pass an object where you say name is milk and let's say quantity is two to
kind of makes a bit more interesting choose whatever data you want to pass though.
So let's do the same for bread and apples and apples and change to quantity.
Let's say so 10 apples and one bread.
And when it does we should also get to stay in the on by method.
So here here we expect to get some product data and we know that it will be of type Object where the
object has a name which is a string and a quantity which is a number.
So this is a simple typescript type definition.
Well if this we can go ahead and push our product data to our buyout page and then by biote page of
course and want to retrieve it to retrieve it we need to inject Insaf parents.
So let's quickly do this let's check now if parents here make sure you import them and desist you wrong
import you should just import them from my onic angler.
So import them like this and then here we kind of need to retrieve them and would again we could do
this in the engine in it hook or simply in the constructor.
I'll do it in a constructor to mix it up for retrieving the NAF Perens.
It really depends on if your component can be cached so if there is a danger of it not being recreated
and it will come back to this later retrieving data in a constructor or an engine in it is a good choice.
In general though.
So here let me quickly add a new property owner named product data and again we know it is a type name
which is a String object which has a name which is a string and a quantity which is a number.
So therefore here we can say this product data equals dis Nath Perens and then simply data.
Because keep in mind in the shop here we're passing this whole object as data.
So now we retrieved as Optik as it is with the name and the quantity of properties in the bower by our
page we're now storing product data.
NEHTA mail file.
I want to output to state now so we can say your order and then output name an Access product data dog
name.
We know that this property will be available and quantity to output product data not quantity you like
this.
Now if we save this let's recompile our application and see it in action.
So it really is here in browser and I click we go to shop click on milk and then see milk wanted to
read Red quantity 1.
And of course apples apples quantity 10.
So this is working great.
And with deaths we solved exercise free.
Let's move on to exercise for an ad a way to actually buy our items and go back to the front page.
In order to buy our items let's go to the Byard page and below our orders summary.
Let's add a button on this button.
I want to say by all or confirm or what ever you want.
Let's add the end button directive to make it look nice and let's add a click listener here.
I wouldn't say on confirm pre-Chase whatever you want to call this method you can also pick a shorter
name of course and then let's go to the typed file and add this method in the file like this.
So in year we now add this method with this method added We want to go back to the root page and of
course we need the NAF controllers.
So that's injected Neph controller of type of controller.
Make sure to add the import from my own angler.
Don't know why my ID is adding the wrong aport But does the correct import nav controller from my on
an angler.
And with this inject it in on confirm pre-Chase we can say Nav. controller pop and not just pop but
all the pop to root to go back to the root page.
Now as a side note you can't pass data when popping so if you plan to pass some data when going back.
This does not work like this.
You would need to use an angler to service and we will later in this cause see a lot of examples of
storing state managing state and passing data around.
So no worries with this.
Let's save this and see if this works as intended.
If our app reloads and we go to a shop we click on bread and click and buy.
We're taken back to the front page.
Great.
So if that we solve all four exercises I hope you had fun with that and I hope you were able to find
fitting solutions to